{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PhpWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2018\mo01\dy24\hr22\min05\sec59}{\revtim \yr2018\mo01\dy24\hr22\min05\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11870\pghsxn16787 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\b Below are the samples on how to control your paragraph pagination. See &quot;Line and Page Break&quot; tab on paragraph properties window to see the attribute set by these controls.}\par
{\cf0\f0 Paragraph with widowControl = false (default: true). A &quot;widow&quot; is the last line of a paragraph printed by itself at the top of a page. An &quot;orphan&quot; is the first line of a paragraph printed by itself at the bottom of a page. Set this option to &quot;false&quot; if you want to disable this automatic control.}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Paragraph with keepNext = true (default: false). &quot;Keep with next&quot; is used to prevent Word from inserting automatic page breaks between paragraphs. Set this option to &quot;true&quot; if you do not want your paragraph to be separated with the next paragraph.}\par
{\cf0\f0 Paragraph with keepLines = true (default: false). &quot;Keep lines together&quot; will prevent Word from inserting an automatic page break within a paragraph. Set this option to &quot;true&quot; if you do not want all lines of your paragraph to be in the same page.}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Keep scrolling. More below.}\par
{\cf0\f0 Paragraph with pageBreakBefore = true (default: false). Different with all other control above, &quot;page break before&quot; separates your paragraph into the next page. This option is most useful for heading styles.}\par
\sect
}